Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1080)
apache/accumulo: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Review

- We welcome reviews from anyone. Any committer can approve and merge the changes.

> - Reviewers will likely ask questions to better understand your change and follow these [guidelines](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

Reviewer: "and follow these guidelines" almost sounds instructional (imperative mood). It reads like "Reviewers will ... and (you should) follow these guidelines".

```suggestion
- Reviewers will likely have questions and comments. They may use terms such as those in [RFC2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).
```
